net: lib: nrf_cloud: Alternate P-GPS download transports (#7977)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

    * Changed timeout parameters' type from uint16_t to int32_t, unit from seconds to milliseconds, and value to disable them from 0 to SYS_FOREVER_MS.
      This change is done to align with Zephyr's style for timeouts.

>     * Fix issue with P-GPS predictions not being used to speed up GNSS when first downloaded.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * Fixed an issue with P-GPS predictions not being used to speed up GNSS when first downloaded.
```

    * Updated the :c:func:`nrf_cloud_rest_send_location` function to accept a :c:struct `nrf_cloud_gnss_data` pointer instead of an NMEA sentence.

  * :ref:`lib_nrf_cloud_pgps` library:

    * Reduced logging level for many messages to DBG.
    * Added the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_CLOUD_PGPS_DOWNLOAD_TRANSPORT_HTTP`, and :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_CLOUD_PGPS_DOWNLOAD_TRANSPORT_CUSTOM` Kconfig options.

>     * Added the :c:func:`nrf_cloud_pgps_begin_update` function which prepares the P-GPS subsystem to receive downloads from a custom transport.
>     * Added the :c:func:`nrf_cloud_pgps_process_update` function which stores a portion of a P-GPS download to flash.
>     * Added the :c:func:`nrf_cloud_pgps_finish_update` function which a user of the P-GPS library calls when the custom download completes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * Added the :c:func:`nrf_cloud_pgps_begin_update` function that prepares the P-GPS subsystem to receive downloads from a custom transport.
    * Added the :c:func:`nrf_cloud_pgps_process_update` function that stores a portion of a P-GPS download to flash.
    * Added the :c:func:`nrf_cloud_pgps_finish_update` function that a user of the P-GPS library calls when the custom download completes.
```
